h1. DESCRIPTION

This initrd image can boot from:

* real block device
* dmraid, lvm2 mapper device
* on block device stored tar operating system archive (tar/gz/bz2 squashfs/loop)
* http/ftp URL address (tar/gz/bz2 squashfs/loop)

See doc/ directory for more detailed documentation.

Sample precompiled initrd image (using busybox 1.2.1 32bit) is available in image/ directory.
This image can be also used to boot x86_64 OS, but kernel must contain support for 32bit binaries.

h1. LICENSE

<pre>
 Copyright (c) 2011, Brane F. Gracnar
 All rights reserved.
 
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
 are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
     of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
     list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
     other materials provided with the distribution.
   
   * Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its contributors may be used 
     to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior 
     written permission.

 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY 
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
 OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
 SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
 INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
 TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR 
 BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
 CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN 
 ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 OF SUCH DAMAGE.
</pre>

